DOC-837 Allow trial licenses in RPCN (#120)
redpanda-data/rp-connect-docs: modules/get-started/pages/whats-new.adoc

For a full list of product updates, and details of updates prior to version 4.29.0, see the https://github.com/redpanda-data/connect/releases[Redpanda Connect release notes^]. For new Cloud-specific features, see xref:redpanda-cloud:get-started:whats-new-cloud.adoc[].

== Version 4.44.0

> This release reintroduces trial licenses for Self-Managed Redpanda Connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release introduces support for trial licenses in Redpanda Connect Self-Managed.
```

Reviewer: I don't think RPCN ever introduced support for trial licenses.

Author: Updated
